# Name: Numix Frost Light Openbox theme
# Author: Satyajit Sahoo <satyajit.happy@gmail.com>
# License: GPL-3.0+


# Menu
menu.border.color: #f0f0f0

menu.title.bg: solid flat
menu.title.bg.color: #f0f0f0
menu.title.text.color: #444444
menu.title.text.justify: center

menu.items.bg: solid flat
menu.items.bg.color: #f0f0f0
menu.items.text.color: #444444
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #999999

menu.items.active.bg: solid flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: #1D90CD
menu.items.active.text.color: #f9f9f9


menu.separator.color: #ededed
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 2
menu.separator.padding.height: 4


# Active window
window.active.border.color: #f0f0f0

window.active.title.bg: solid flat
window.active.title.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.active.title.separator.color: #ededed
window.active.text.justify: center

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #444444

window.active.handle.bg: solid flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: #f0f0f0

window.active.grip.bg: solid flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: #f0f0f0

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: solid flat
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #444444

window.active.button.pressed.bg: solid flat
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #1D90CD

window.active.button.disabled.bg: solid flat
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #999999

window.active.button.hover.bg: solid flat
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #1D90CD


# Inactive window
window.inactive.border.color: #f0f0f0

window.inactive.title.bg: solid flat
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #f0f0f0;
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #ededed
window.inactive.text.justify: center

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #999999

window.inactive.handle.bg: solid flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #f0f0f0

window.inactive.grip.bg: solid flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #f0f0f0

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: solid flat
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #5e5e5e

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: solid flat
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #1d90cd


window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: solid flat
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #919191

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: solid flat
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #f0f0f0
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #1d90cd


# OSD
osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #585858

osd.bg: solid flat
osd.bg.color: #686868
osd.label.bg: parentrelative
osd.label.text.color: #eeeeee

osd.hilight.bg: solid flat
osd.hilight.bg.color: #1D90CD

osd.unhilight.bg: solid flat
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #686868

osd.button.unpressed.bg: solid solid
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #828282
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color: #222222

osd.button.pressed.bg: solid solid
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #989898
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color: #333333

osd.button.focused.bg: solid solid
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #828282
osd.button.focused.*.border.color: #1e1e1e

osd.button.focused.box.color: #1D90CD


# Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n
menu.items.font:shadow=n
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n


# Everything else
border.width: 1
padding.width: 8
padding.height: 4
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: center
